# Real-Time-Time-Series-of-Sentiment-Analysis-of-any-given-topic-in-Twitter
In recent years, Social media have emerged as popular platforms for people to
share their thoughts and opinions on all kind of topics. Tracking opinion over
time is a powerful tool that can be used for sentiment prediction or to detect the
possible reasons of a sentiment change. Understanding topic and sentiment
evolution allows enterprises or government to capture negative sentiment and
act promptly.More and more people express their opinions on social media such
as Facebook and Twitter. Predictive analysis on social media time-series allows
the stake-holders to leverage this immediate, accessible and vast reachable
communication channel to react and proact against the public opinion. In
particular, understanding and predicting the sentiment change of the public
opinions will allow business and government agencies to react against negative
sentiment and design strategies such as dispelling rumors and post balanced
messages to revert the public opinion.We model the collective sentiment change
without delving into micro analysis of individual tweets or users and their
corresponding low level network structures.Finally, we study the usability of
outliers detection and different measures such as sentiment velocity and
acceleration on the task of sentiment tracking.
In this Project, we explore conventional time series analysis methods and their
applicability on various topics and sentiment trend analysis. We use various
dataset for predicting sentiments over time.
